Add supports for custom replacer (#185)
toolmantim/release-drafter: README.md

| `branches`            | Optional | The branches to listen for configuration updates to `.github/release-drafter.yml` and for merge commits. Useful if you want to test the app on a pull request branch. Default is the repository’s default branch. |
| `categories`          | Optional | Categorize pull requests using labels. Refer to [Categorize Pull Requests](#categorize-pull-requests) to learn more about this option.                                                                            |
| `exclude-lables`      | Optional | Exclude pull requests using labels. Refer to [Exclude Pull Requests](#exclude-pull-requests) to learn more about this option.                                                                                     |

> | `replacers`           | Optional | Manual search and replace strings. Applied in order. Refer to [Replacers](#replacers) to learn more about this option.                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `replacers`           | Optional | Search and replace content in the generated changelog body. Refer to [Replacers](#replacers) to learn more about this option.                                                                                            |
```

Release Drafter requires full write, because GitHub does not offer a limited scope for only writing releases. **Don't install Release Drafter to your entire GitHub account — only add the repositories you want to draft releases on.**

> ## Replacers

Author: Done!

With the `replacers` option you can provide string replaces for your template after all other template information is finished being processed.

```yml
replacers:
  - regex: /JENKINS-(\d+)/g
    replace: https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/JENKINS-$1

>   - search: myname

Reviewer: I think we made a big mistake by not quoting the string values in the configuration examples, and many people get tripped up once they use a semi-colon. Perhaps we should do this for these? It's easy for the `search` option, but I wonder if we need it for `regex` too?

I wonder what a better example for this one is too? 🤔

Reviewer: I just changed the string quoting in #189

    replace: My Name
```

> Multiple replacers will be applied in order, so if your replacement string matches something in the second replacer, it'll get triggered again

Reviewer: Let's remove this, in favour of the paragraph above at the start of the section?
